docs: add warning about `definePageMeta` issues with transitions and `NuxtLoadingIndicator` (#9055)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/1.docs/3.api/2.components/5.nuxt-loading-indicator.md

:button-link[Open on StackBlitz]{href="https://stackblitz.com/github/nuxt/framework/tree/main/examples/routing/pages?terminal=dev&file=/app.vue" blank}

::alert{type=warning}

> If you are using `definePageMeta` to handle dynamic layouts, the `NuxtLoadingIndicator` will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are changing layouts as well as page, the page transition you set here will not run. Instead, you should set a layout transition.
```
